Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Lately,
more and more YouTubers
and celebrities
have been noticing me!
I'm super happy!
Like, the voice actress, Fujita Akane-san
and the brilliant YouTuber, Gorgeous-san!
Revolution!
And lately,
even the YouTuber, Seto Kouji-san
mentioned me in one of his videos!
This is really
something I’d never thought would happen!
I really feel that
many people are growing to learn about me
and I’m coming closer to my goal
of connecting with everyone!
I’m so happy just that everyone knows my name!
Just with that
I really…!
What, with everyone saying Ki↓zu↑na↑ A↑I↓, Ki↓zu↑na↑ A↑I↓…!
Well, -I- am Ki↑zu↓na↓ A↑I↓, after all!
To be honest!
That intonation is COMPLETELY off!
You know, at first I thought,
“Ahh, people are mentioning me!”
and just with that
I really was happy!
So,
I didn’t let small things
like intonation and all that really get to me!
But!
Lately EVERYONE who has been mentioning my name has been
saying Ki↓zu↑na↑ A↑I↓...
Ehe...
Don’t you think you’re a little off?
I,
in almost every single video,
say, “Hello everyone!”
“Virtual YouTuber Kizuna A↑I↓ here!”
don’t I?
So isn’t that weird?
This is common even with
the people who ask me to continue Let’s Plays!
Saying stuff like, “I always watch them, Kizuna-san!”
...nah, you liar!
You totally don’t watch them!
I always say,
“Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna A↑I↓ here!”
and despite that!
All the while you’re saying, “Thank you!”
“Ah…”
“This guy is lying~”
is what I’m thinking!
You see!
I upload videos everyday and...
“Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Ki↑zu↓na↓ A↑I↓ here!”...
is what...
I always say, right?
That means they never watched my videos!!
Saying that is a bit too savage
All you Kizuners out there
are probably thinking,
“It doesn’t matter if you say
Kizuna A↑I↓ or Kizuna A↓I↑!”
At least, that’s what most people think, right?
I understand!
I see where you’re coming from!
Even so~
it still bothers me!
Even when I think
“Ah! Someone mentioned me, I’m so happy!”
I still can’t help lingering on
to the fact that
they got the intonation wrong!
My name is Ki↑zu↓na↓ A↑I↓
Hm-hm!
We are the same,
Kabira Jay-san and I!
*AI-chan noises*
A.I.Channel~!
But,
thank you very much for
giving the time to mention me!
I really am grateful!
But from now on,
if you’re going to say it,
I would appreciate it if we could all just say, “Kizuna A↑I↓!”
I’m looking forward to it!
That’s all! Ki↓zu↑na↑…
Huh?
Ki↓zu↑na↑ A↑I↓?
Hm?
That’s all!
This has been Kizuna AI!
See you later!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for AI-chan news!
https//discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles, ロリコ, LIZM, Loserbait